payoff modelling tutorial: clarify how to use the correct `and` operator (#500)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.0/docs/daml-finance/tutorials/payoff-modeling/basic-builders.rst

When you want to additively combine more than two claims, you can use the ``andList`` constructor.

.. warning::

  By default, the ``and`` operator is the :ref:`function <function-da-internal-prelude-and-20777>`
  defined in the Daml standard library. In order to use the claim constructor instead, one needs to 

>   use a qualified import. Alternatively, one can hide the function from the standard library  by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  use a qualified import. Alternatively, one can hide the function from the standard library by
```

>   defined in the Daml standard library. In order to use the claim constructor instead, one needs to 
>   use a qualified import. Alternatively, one can hide the function from the standard library by
>   using the syntax

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  defined in the Daml standard library. To use the claim constructor instead, use a qualified import. Alternatively, you can hide the function from the standard library by
  using the syntax
```
